Update conflict constraint for "nelmio/api-doc-bundle" in order to allow version 3 (#1196)
sonata-project/SonataPageBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

Registering `SonataEasyExtendsBundle` bundle is deprecated, it SHOULD NOT be registered.
Register `SonataDoctrineBundle` bundle instead.

### Support for NelmioApiDocBundle > 3.6 is added

> Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\PageBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy` namespece and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 was added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\PageBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.
```
